Reflection:

- Week Five's work was a challenge for me, but that meant it was very rewarding when I managed to get things working. My work for this week using Audacity, Story Map, Leaflet and Inkscape is not the most polished, but I did learn a lot by playing around with the various programs. I wanted to show that I attempted the work and from the exercises I do have a much better understanding of how the programs function. 
- It is hard work to try and create something from data, something compelling that still retains substance and authenticity. I personally loved Story Map and hope I'll get the chance to use it at some point in the rest of my university career. It was user friendly, simple, but it went beyond a slideshow presentation. I tried to really play around with that tool and make something of interest to me that would benefit from having that reference map. 
- I think in my own work I tend to like to keep things on the simpler side. Sometimes in my writing I can go on and on, but when it comes to more visual things I go for a more concise look. My Story Map I would love to develop further because I liked where I was going with it. My poster definitely needs work. I used the excerise as more of an opportunity to try different aspects of what the tool has to offer, and it took me awhile to try and get the hang of things. I think I would be in a better place to use the tool for my next project based on the messing around I did creating my poster. 
- Overall, these are fascinating tools that I know will be helpful in the future. I am definitely going to test them out more because the exercises this week helped me get my footing, so I would love to get more creative with them now that I have a better understanding. 
